60. Which of the following factors is responsible for enabling the advance of Moore’s Law?
*a. The distance between pathways inside silicon chips gets smaller with each successive generation.
b. Silicon is commonly available in the form of sand or silicon dioxide, which helps keep the costs of chip production low.
c. Constant interaction among three forces—size, heat, and power—makes Moore’s Law practical and ensures that it will endure for decades to come.
d. The availability of better cooling technologies ensures that chips can continue growing smaller and more power efficient.
e. With the exponential growth in information technology-enabled businesses, the demand for computers makes Moore’s Law possible.

61. Which of the following sets of interrelated forces threatens to slow down the progression of Moore’s Law?
a. weight, speed, and capacity
b. density, clock speed, and wafer thickness
*c. size, heat, and power
d. silicon availability, efficiency, and energy
e. memory, cache size, and speed

62. Multicore processors are formed by
a. connecting identical processors in a parallel combination and drawing power from the same source.
*b. putting two or more lower power processor cores on a single chip.
c. connecting a series of high-powered processors through a single power source.
d. slicing a flat chip into pieces and reconnecting the pieces vertically.
e. connecting a combination of parallel and series-connected processors to a single larger processor to supplement its functioning.

63. What problem is faced by multicore processors running older software written for single-brain chips?
*a. Multicore processors usually run older software by using only one core at a time.
b. Multicore processors draw more power than single-brain processors to solve the same problem.
c. Multicore processors require greater cooling to run the same software as single-brain processors.
d. Individual cores in multicore processors have smaller memories than single-brain chips and are consequently slower.
e. Multicore processors still have some fair distance to go before going mainstream.

64.  If electronics now travel half the distance to make a calculation, that means the chip is:
a. half as big
b. easier to keep cool
*c. twice as fast
d. very expensive
e. All of the above are true.

65. _____ are the super tiny on-off switches in a chip that work collectively to calculate or store things in memory.
*a. Transistors
b. Multicore processors
c. Single-core processors
d. Conductors
e. Inductors
